Add ioredis (#558)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: packages/opentelemetry-plugin-ioredis/README.md

# OpenTelemetry ioredis Instrumentation for Node.js
[![Gitter chat][gitter-image]][gitter-url]
[![dependencies][dependencies-image]][dependencies-url]
[![devDependencies][devDependencies-image]][devDependencies-url]
[![Apache License][license-image]][license-image]

This module provides automatic instrumentation for [`ioredis`](https://github.com/luin/ioredis).

For automatic instrumentation see the
[@opentelemetry/node](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/tree/master/packages/opentelemetry-node) package.

## Installation

```
npm install --save @opentelemetry/plugin-ioredis
```

### Supported Versions
 - `>=2.0.0`

## Usage

> OpenTelemetry IORedis Instrumentation allows the user to automatically collect trace data and export them to the backend of choice, to give observability to distributed systems when working with [ioredis](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ioredis).

Author: I believe the "them" is in reference to "data" which is in fact plural, but we can maybe replace "trace data" with simply "traces" ?

> OpenTelemetry IORedis Instrumentation allows the user to automatically collect trace data and export them to the backend of choice, to give observability to distributed systems when working with [ioredis](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ioredis).

Reviewer: >to give observability to distributed systems when working with ioredis

This reads a little odd to me and feels like it has a lot of overlap with the previous sentence. Maybe something like this 
```suggestion
OpenTelemetry IORedis Instrumentation allows the user to automatically trace service calls using the [ioredis](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ioredis) npm package.
```

> OpenTelemetry IORedis Instrumentation allows the user to automatically collect trace data and export them to the backend of choice, to give observability to distributed systems when working with [ioredis](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ioredis).

Author: True, removed it entirely as it basically repeats whats already at beginning of README as this is the usage section and does not need the purpose of the package re explained.

      path: '@opentelemetry/plugin-ioredis',
    }
  }
});
```

To load all the [supported plugins](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js#plugins), use below approach. Each plugin is only loaded when the module that it patches is loaded; in other words, there is no computational overhead for listing plugins for unused modules.
```javascript
const { NodeTracer } = require('@opentelemetry/node');

const tracer = new NodeTracer();
```

## Useful links
- For more information on OpenTelemetry, visit: <https://opentelemetry.io/>
- For more about OpenTelemetry JavaScript: <https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js>
- For help or feedback on this project, join us on [gitter][gitter-url]

## License

Apache 2.0 - See [LICENSE][license-url] for more information.

[gitter-image]: https://badges.gitter.im/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js.svg
[gitter-url]: https://gitter.im/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-node?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/blob/master/LICENSE
[license-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache_2.0-green.svg?style=flat

> [dependencies-image]: https://david-dm.org/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/status.svg?path=packages/opentelemetry-plugin-redis

Author: true, opentelemetry-plugin-ioredis!

> [dependencies-url]: https://david-dm.org/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js?path=packages%2Fopentelemetry-plugin-redis

Author: true, opentelemetry-plugin-ioredis!

> [devDependencies-image]: https://david-dm.org/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/dev-status.svg?path=packages/opentelemetry-plugin-redis

Author: true, opentelemetry-plugin-ioredis!

> [devDependencies-url]: https://david-dm.org/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js?path=packages%2Fopentelemetry-plugin-redis&type=dev

Author: true, `opentelemetry-plugin-ioredis`!
